README.md, before:

## Project 5

# Madame Musette

The Project is deployed [here](#) 

GitHub repository is [here](https://github.com/fitabigail/Madame-Musette) 

![I am responsive](#)

## TABLE OF CONTENTS
- [Aim of the website](#aim-of-the-website)
- [User Experience/User Interface](#user-experience-or-user-interface)
- [Flowchart](#flowchart)
- [Design](#design)
- [Features](#features)
- [Database](#database)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Validation](#validation)
- [LightHouse](#lighthouse)
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
- [Deployment](#deployment) 
- [Credits](#credits)
- [Acknowledgement](#acknowledgement)

</br></br>

> ## Aim of the website
---
</br>
Madame Musette is a website for selling ladies shoes. The user can quickly search for a specific shoe categories, through the search bar on home page, or by more specific fields on the cars page. Also, the user can navigate on shoes, and choose a shoe post to have more details about.  </br></br>


> ## User Experience or User Interface
---
</br>

### Agile
The plan for this project was carried out using the Agile Methodology in Github. User Stories were created using the issues on the git hub. Each user story explicitly explains the purpose of the issues. Each user story is segmented into acceptance criteria and tasks. It was prioritised using GitHub labels with different colors. The labels are should have, could have and must have. Once the issues are created they are moved to the User Stories kanban board. The Kanban board has three main columns, To Do, In Progress and Done. Once you start working with the user story, you move it to the To Do column and when finished move it to the Done column. Following this pattern of work gives you a full-on idea about the progress of the project.</br></br>



### Epic
</br></br>
The epics were created using the milistones on github. Each epic was created and related issues were added to it.  



- EPIC : Register & Login and Logout

    
    - USER STORY: Register Account[[#1](https://github.com/fitabigail/Madame-Musette/issues/1)]
    - USER STORY: Sign up [[#](#)]
    - USER STORY: Login and Logout [[#](#)]

    </br></br>


> ## Flowchart
</br>


> ## Design

<summary>Navigation color scheme</summary>
<details>

![Navigation](/images_reademe/design-nav-color.png)

</details>
</br></br>

> ## Features
</br></br>

> ## Database

</br></br>

> ## Testing
---
   
</br>

## **BUGS**
</br>

### Fixed bugs

</br></br>

### Not Fixed bugs
</br></br>

> ## LightHouse
</br></br>


> ## Validation

</br></br>

> ## Technologies Used

- [CSS Gradient](https://cssgradient.io/) - for navbar gradient color
- [Conversion](https://www.xconvert.com/) - used to compress and convert the images from jpeg to webp
- [CKeditor](https://pypi.org/project/django-ckeditor/) - used for rich text editor

> ## Deployment
</br></br>

> ## Credits
 
 - [Social Footer](https://mdbootstrap.com/docs/standard/extended/social-media-icons-footer/) - code copied from mdbootstrap

 > ## Acknowledgement

Commit message:

Added Update and Remove from cart functions

README.md, after:

## Project 5

# Madame Musette

The Project is deployed [here](#) 

GitHub repository is [here](https://github.com/fitabigail/Madame-Musette) 

![I am responsive](#)

## TABLE OF CONTENTS
- [Aim of the website](#aim-of-the-website)
- [User Experience/User Interface](#user-experience-or-user-interface)
- [Flowchart](#flowchart)
- [Design](#design)
- [Features](#features)
- [Database](#database)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Validation](#validation)
- [LightHouse](#lighthouse)
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
- [Deployment](#deployment) 
- [Credits](#credits)
- [Acknowledgement](#acknowledgement)

</br></br>

> ## Aim of the website
---
</br>
Madame Musette is a website for selling ladies shoes. The user can quickly search for a specific shoe categories, through the search bar on home page, or by more specific fields on the cars page. Also, the user can navigate on shoes, and choose a shoe post to have more details about.  </br></br>


> ## User Experience or User Interface
---
</br>

### Agile
The plan for this project was carried out using the Agile Methodology in Github. User Stories were created using the issues on the git hub. Each user story explicitly explains the purpose of the issues. Each user story is segmented into acceptance criteria and tasks. It was prioritised using GitHub labels with different colors. The labels are should have, could have and must have. Once the issues are created they are moved to the User Stories kanban board. The Kanban board has three main columns, To Do, In Progress and Done. Once you start working with the user story, you move it to the To Do column and when finished move it to the Done column. Following this pattern of work gives you a full-on idea about the progress of the project.</br></br>



### Epic
</br></br>
The epics were created using the milistones on github. Each epic was created and related issues were added to it.  



- EPIC : Register & Login and Logout

    
    - USER STORY: Register Account[[#1](https://github.com/fitabigail/Madame-Musette/issues/1)]
    - USER STORY: Sign up [[#](#)]
    - USER STORY: Login and Logout [[#](#)]

    </br></br>


> ## Flowchart
</br>


> ## Design

<summary>Navigation color scheme</summary>
<details>

![Navigation](/images_reademe/design-nav-color.png)

</details>
</br></br>

> ## Features
</br></br>

> ## Database

</br></br>

> ## Testing
---
   
</br>

## **BUGS**
</br>

### Fixed bugs

</br></br>

### Not Fixed bugs
</br></br>

- Products Admin page search product field is not rendering the search
- Shopping cart is not display in line the quantity fieldon mobile view
- Empty Shopping cart footer was not stick to bottom - fixed by adding container height=100vh
- update cart is not updated
> ## LightHouse
</br></br>


> ## Validation

</br></br>

> ## Technologies Used

- [CSS Gradient](https://cssgradient.io/) - for navbar gradient color
- [Conversion](https://www.xconvert.com/) - used to compress and convert the images from jpeg to webp
- [CKeditor](https://pypi.org/project/django-ckeditor/) - used for rich text editor

> ## Deployment
</br></br>

> ## Credits
 
 - [Social Footer](https://mdbootstrap.com/docs/standard/extended/social-media-icons-footer/) - code copied from mdbootstrap

 > ## Acknowledgement
